# About Chris

---

## Contact information
.fx: contact

* E-Mail: <j.chris.turner@gmail.com>
* Twitter: [@BestFriendChris][twitter]
* Mobile Phone: (319) 210-8096

[twitter]: http://twitter.com/BestFriendChris

---

## Summary

???


---

## Language Experience

> I believe that the more types of programming languages you know, the more tools you
> have in your toolbox. Some languages (Haskell, Clojure, Javascript, Scheme) have had a
> profound impact on how I write code in any language. Clearly I'm a language nerd.

### Specific experience:

* [Java][] _(6 years professional experience, 10+ years total)_
* [Javascript][js] _(4 years professional experience)_
* [Ruby][rb] _(10+ years experience)_
    * Primarily used in small server scripts
    * Haven't used it much lately, but picking it back up should be trivial
* [Clojure][clj] _(2 years experience)_
    * Mostly on small, personal projects
* [bash][]/[zsh][] scripting _(7+ years experience)_
* [Scheme][], [Haskell][], [C#][], [Objective-C][], [Scala][]
    * Light, but workable knowledge of all of these

[java]: ???
[js]: ???
[rb]: ???
[clj]: http://clojure.org
[bash]: ???
[zsh]: ???
[Scheme]: ???
[Haskell]: ???
[C#]: ???
[Objective-C]: ???
[Scala]: ???

---

## Tech Experience - Testing

> Automated testing is an important part of any software project. By working closely
> with the QAs on the various teams I've been a part of, I have a strong understanding
> of the ???

### Specific experience:

* [Fit][]/[Twist][] _(5 years professional experience)_
    * ThoughtWorks [Twist][] product is largely inspired from [Fit][]
* [Selenium][sel]/[WebDriver][wd]/[Sahi][sahi] _(5 years professional experience)_
* [JUnit][junit] _(6 years professional experience)_

[fit]: ???
[twist]: http://www.thoughtworks-studios.com/twist
[sel]: ???
[wd]: ???
[sahi]: ???
[junit]: ???

---

## Tech Experience - Build/Deploy

> On all software development projects I've been involved with, I've been the "build guy".
> I love working to improve the process of building and deploying software on the team
> to keep the build time down, receiving the fastest feedback possible of a broken build, and
> ensuring everybody on the team can use the build script effectively and easily.

> Most recently I've gotten interested in the DevOps movement. I like the bridging of
> my developer background with my (light) operations background. I've worked closely with
> Jez Humble (one of the authors of [Continuous Delivery][cdbook]) for the better part
> of 4 years.

### Specific experience:

* [Ant][ant] _(6 years professional experience)_
* [Rake][rake] _(2 years professional experience)_
* [Buildr][buildr] _(1 year professional experience)_
* [Chef][chef] _(2 years light experience)_
    * Mostly played around with this in my free time

[cdbook]: ???
[ant]: ???
[rake]: ???
[buildr]: ???
[chef]: ???

---

## Tech Experience - Version Control

> I've been using version control systems for more than 7 years. I started using
> [Subversion][svn], but lately have been using DVCS almost exclusively. Professionally
> we've been using mostly [Mercurial][hg], while for my personal projects I've been
> using primarily [Git][].

### Specific experience:

* [Git][] _(4 years experience)_
* [Mercurial][hg] _(4 years professional experience)_
* [Subversion][svn] _(4 years professional experience)_
    * Haven't used in several years

[git]: ???
[hg]: ???
[svn]: ???
